add query for counting databases in a cluster (#1224)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/standard-databases/manage-databases.adoc

=== Show the number of databases

> The number of distinct databases can be seen using `YIELD` and a `count()` function in the `RETURN` clause to aggregate the number of `DISTINCT` database names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of distinct databases can be seen using `YIELD` and a `count()` function in the `RETURN` clause:
```

+-------+
----

In a cluster, the `SHOW DATABASES` returns the number of allocations of databases and may be misleading if the number of distinct databases is desired.

> In this case, the number of distinct databases hosted in a cluster can be seen using a `count()` aggregation with `YIELD` and `RETURN` with `name` instead of the wildcard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the `count()` function can be used in the `RETURN` clause to aggregate the number of `DISTINCT` database names: 
```
